things imposed by the network that
Kiko Hernández is not surprised Carlota Corredera
people say if Carlota Corredera goes it
would be a good a good asset to raise
audiences because let's be honest I was
going to Carlota Corredera Survivors I
see it or rather let's see it generates me man it
generates me We haven't seen him in that in that
situation it generates me people are going to say
here no no but I will go Yes of course
man No
man like we wouldn't comment on it
man
go on go but comment on it like when
not to see it but the things that are coming out
the news that are coming out But it would be
surprising it would be surprising to see
Carlota Corredera Survivors is
like the great presenter who
had it all it's not that she is less she becomes
one more contestant on Survivors it's
like that duality but well they
say she ends up sinking the network
Poor thing let's see Hey well well well well well
this is very
strong this is very strong come on This is
going to really blow people's minds
come on
[Music]
the person
who has been proposed
[Music]
for this edition of  survivors
proposal for more insistence very
slowly
insistently
called
caches a
lot of cache a lot
you're going to stay there is
desperation this year in the cache
there it is seen that it is opening the
wallet I ca
n't take it anymore I have to say it
now little by little little by little
the people in the chat are right Let's
see I want hurt by few
criticize
I want many emojis in the chat that
show the feelings of the people
in these moments while you are
saying it
[Music] I
'm going to give you a clue she
is a singer
[Music]
and it
is
Anabelle Dueñas [Music] [
Music]
my goodness
[Music] my goodness
mother but Marina that is
true let's
see what they tell me look I
never usually say this to me what they
tell me It's that also does
this sound familiar to you too no they have
told me it has been told to you okay It's that
this year the interest for Anabel
Dueñas to be in survivors is at least
notable notable notable high to the
point that they have even been calling her
to increase her search
offer her a fairly high cache  I don't know
if we can talk about more than 20,000 euros
a week and it seems that she is
willing to go
but
and here comes the big one So she would
like to go she would want to go man Of course
but it seems that
Rosario Rosario does not want to go under any
circumstances is she going to accept nor her husband
either no but here we are talking about
that Anabelle would want to accept yes but
let's put it delicately in the end let's put it
delicately there would be people in her
environment who would not agree with
this decision clear and no and it seems that it would not be
Rocío Carrasco Ah it would not be Rocío
Carrasco
and it is worth it to please let's see she
is with Rocío garazo and with Fidel alvia
her remember let's put people
in the situation that she So to
speak also the Super singles with whom I
collaborate on the María
Teresa Campos program already commented at the time
that she had already distanced herself a bit from everyone
to go on that theatrical tour with
Rocío and Fidel And to undertake
ultimately a new life with Rocío and
with Fidel I remember that I spoke with
the ex boyfriend of  Anabelle who was kind of
nervous the guy and he was telling me Marina
please I don't want to talk about this subject as
if it was generating anxiety in her not to talk
about the subject as if things had ended
a little badly so everyone was
surprised by this new relationship between
them between the three of them who don't separate
And yes it is true that I think that she what it is is that it
seems that she wants to
go but it is something that has not been well
accepted by people around her among
whom are Fidellín and Rocío and
Rocío is not so well we do not
know what will happen in the end in the end
Anabel knows many things
obviously they trust her if not they would not
see her but she I think that
not She would not say anything that
would compromise anyone on the island
and in the end you are there something says but I do
not believe that something that would
negatively harm the couple to Iberdrola
no no that would harm no but you do not
forget that you are on an island they are other
circumstances there are many hours and in the
end if I were there I normalize and
talk a little about everything then you can
regret it or not I do not think that she spoke badly
obviously of  done the day that it ends
badly Anabel would have enough to write a
book but I would love to see her I would
love to see it because I have never liked her no one
has ever spoken well of her to me
yes I do because I have because I followed her
a lot since Operación Triunfo and such that I really
liked her as an artist there
but then her personality has always
seemed a little arrogant to me so it
fits perfectly in the nucleus that she
is in now no but yes it is true that it would be
for me at a level at a
level as I say professional or at
such a level I would love to see the
survivors of course let's go and with
Carlota correderas
but no let's see Anabel Yes let's see I would
say a Raquel Mosquera with
Anabelle man they are like secondary characters in
a main story you know they could like
Antonio Canales friends and well
me Olga Elga was the main character but you know I
think it could be yes it could be
quite good we will see what happens there is
not much left or I mean there is not
much left we will see what happens How it
evolves because the casting is
changing a lot any news we
will comment on it here of course let's go it's that I am let's go I am
with this it has been
Well everyone imagine that  also
people deserve to
please those people who maybe would
n't agree with their
intervention no
probably but it's that in the
end that submission by God their mission
I'm going to change the Word that that that of
pleasing in that way you have to
please yourself I understand that you have
friends and if they are healthy friends
obviously you are not going to betray them but
from there to how you have to ask
permission as if this were kindergarten
I don't understand I don't know about you I don't know about
people but
but I don't know they say around here Gloria
Camila No Gloria Camila is not going to go for
sure eh Sure sure not Hey
Camila the other day where In which of
all Of course sure but she had the situation
that I didn't even realize that her
cell phone had been stolen and everything but everything is now
okay And yes it's true that I'm
talking to her this week and such
because I published She did like a How
funny she also made like a popup like a
small shop for a few
days in Madrid the weekend that there was
controversy that I can see that there was going to be
controversy because she took her there  clothes From
a member of her family or friends,
so she could give them to sell. More
than 20 or so platforms, and she explained to me
why people said, well, but of
course he sells it for a very high price and
then he keeps the money. And she had to
explain to me like, I don't have my
dataphone, I've already spoken to the managers
and such to do everything legally.
Because I'm also self-employed and such, so I do
n't think that selling
clothes requires that. No, I'm not unfamiliar with those
areas, but let's say, no, I don't think it
requires a lot. It seems like
explaining everything here depends on the level, and
Gloria Camila sees us. Gloria Camila, I don't know
if he sees us, man, he knows how to know, if he
knows, if in fact, it's a shame that
you were sick, and well, what a shame. Of course,
poor thing, because if we hadn't been
there at the opening, giving it our all.
The truth is, yes, the truth is that if it
rained, it would rain a lot, but well, we
would have been there anyway.
[Music]